So well done getting that far! We've basically finished all of the
animation, aside from actually scripting the behavior. So
this is a great time to take a look at how this game is starting to
shape up on a target platform.
So I should say, if you have any trouble at all with this Unity
Remote app, then just watch this video, see how it's used, but it
doesn't really matter if you don't get it working, because it's not going to prevent you from progressing on this section, whatsoever.
It can be a little bit flakey sometimes, so if there are any troubles, then do
feel free to just watch and move on.
So at the end of the section, we're actually going to show you how to deploy to Android
and to the iOS simulator. But this is a stepping stone, it's called the
Unity Remote. In this video we're going to talk about what the Unity Remote is and why it's useful.
We're going to show you how to get it, how to use it, and talk about its
limitations. Now, in a moment, I'm going to switch to a different microphone,
because we're going to be using a video camera, and you're actually going to see my holding my phone. So
it'll be a bit more echoey, a slightly different microphone, but enjoy the video! See you soon!
Hey guys! So in this video I want to show you how
to use the Unity Remote App, to get some idea
of what your app game is going to look like on a mobile device.
So first thing you're going to need to do is go to Project Settings and Editor.
And the, under Edit, Project Settings, Editor.
You're going to want to go over here and say Unity Remote, and I'm going to show you on Android phone
first, so Any Android Device. If you're changing this, then exit
Unity and restart it. OK, so on my Google Nexus
4 Android device, these are the steps I've taken to get the Unity Remote working.
Firstly, I've installed the Unity Remote App, you can see here,
and that's available in the App Store as Unity Remote 4. If you
open that app, it'll come up as follows, in landscape mode and
say: "Connect this device with a USB Cable to your computer."
"Press PLAY in the Unity Editor to test." Now, that may just work. Try it! Click
Play in the Editor, and if you're lucky,
it'll come up like that and start working. Now, note something,
the game window on your computer, depending on the size of the
current game window, is going to determine how this shows. So
I've actually come into this Settings Menu and created
a ratio for Nexus 4, exactly at the Nexus 4 resolution.
Had I not done that, say I go to 3:2, then it will be horribly distorted.
OK, so you need to be running the game window of the Editor in
exactly the screen resolution of the device, to make a fair preview. But once
it's on there, it just works. Now, it shows that it all works kind of
OK. We can win, we can Start, and we can go to Options,
once the menu has finished fading in. We may need to make
these buttons a little bit bigger and the sliders will work. OK, it's a bit slow,
a bit unresponsive, and it will only mirror the resolution
that is on the Editor not actually choose
exactly the right resolution. Now, if it doesn't come up, if it just sits
there saying press play, in the Unity Editor, and nothing actually happens, then
these are the steps I took on my Nexus 4 to get it working.
Firstly, I enabled Developer Options. You go to your Settings of your
device. If you haven't got Develop Options at the bottom here, then you go to About
Phone, and at the bottom, you keep clicking the Build Number
until it comes up and says, OK you're now a developer. OK fantastic!
So then, inside the Developer options on your
Android, I have turned on Stay Awake, USB
Debugging, and Allow Mock Locations, in case Unity wants to send it
that. The other thing you may need to do is, go into your options again,
and then, go down to Storage.
And then, if you click the little menu button at the top-right, you can go USB
Computer Connection. Mine is set as Camera (PTP), Point To Point.
OK, so given all those settings, you should find that your Unity
Remote then works when you go into it. And that is it on Android!
OK, so over to using Unity
Remote on the iPad! The first thing you're going to need to do is change
your Project Settings in the Editor
to any iOS device, and then, quit Unity
and reopen it, so that those settings take effect. So go ahead and do that.
Once Unity is reopened,
again you want to be set getting the cable plugged in, the
USB cable. No, Siri, I don't want you right now!
And then, we go into Unity Remote 4.
So here's a Unity 4 Remote App running on the iPad. Click play!
Again, you need your resolution to be set
to the same as the iPad, the exact resolution, otherwise you're going to get
strange results. But provided that your Thunderbolt
or Lightning or Mac cable is plugged in, that's crucial,
then you should find that it comes
up on the screen of the iPad, in the same way as it did on the
Android.
If not, check your Project Settings under Editor. Make sure you have Any iOS
Device selected. You may need to restart Unity Remote on the device.
Oh, it crashed there! It's not the best experience, I have to admit, using the
Unity Remote, but it does work and it does give you some idea of how it is going to
be. So that's scaled, because we've not got the same ratio of the actual target device,
but it starts
to give you some idea of what it may be like. It's rough, the scaling
is rough because I haven't got a high enough resolution on my computer monitor right
now, when I'm recording, to set the exact aspect ratio. But if
you've set the exact ratio up here and you actually create yourself a new ratio
or you change the Build Settings to iOS and pick one of the ones from the list,
that will be fine! The Build Settings up here, at the top of your
screen, have no relation to this, by the way, at the moment, because you're not actually building to the
target device yet.
So as a recap then, we've looked at what Unity Remote is
and why it's useful. You get it on the App Stores, it's called Unity Remote 4. We've talked
about how to use it, and you've seen it's limitations. It only streams the current
Editor window's view to your phone,
so if that's smaller than the resolution of your phone or different to the resolution of your phone,
then it's not a good preview. You can find out more about it at that link
at Unity's website. So what we did to setup Unity, we went
Edit, Project Settings, Editor. We set Unity Remote Device to iOS or Android,
restarted Unity if we're changing it, set the game window resulution
to that of the device, and make the window at least that large, if you've got enough screen
space to do it. On Android we have to enable Developer Options.
You may get away without doing any of this, on some Android devices,
but if you need it, then you set Stay Awake, I'll change that spelling
later, USB Debugging and Allow Mock Locations. You may
also want to go into Settings, Storage, and USB Computer Connection
also, to be corrected, and set the Camera (PTP) option.
Remember these slides are going to be available for you as well, at the beginning of the section.
On iOS, basically, you plug it and play, make sure the cable is plugged in, and restart
everything if it doesn't work. OK cool! Congratulations!
We'll see you soon!